Adding common API policy changes for Alpha (#6555)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/install-and-setup/setup/api-controller/managing-common-api-policies/managing-common-api-policies.md

# Managing common API Policies

> The apictl tool allows the following actions on common API Policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WSO2 API Controller (apictl) allows the following actions on common API Policies.
```
